I did something pretty gross recently but I'm not sure precisely how gross it is ya know? on the gross scale. And that exists by the way. The gross scale. Being able to place things relative to each other to compare their grossness. And we could get political about it, like what's grosser capitalism or socialism? and you would be like Avi I don't think it's productive to compare the grossness of capitalism and socialism we ought to discuss a system that takes the least gross parts of both. Nah bitch I want that unproductive shit, the fuck. That's the fun shit, gimme that. Anyway so I did something pretty gross recently. Capitalism. O god I did capitalism. I went to work for a massive corporation, it was disgusting. No but seriously. What i did was masturbate...with my hand...and use that same hand to move the clothes from the washer to the dryer. Ok i know what you are thinking right now. Goddam Avi you disgusting fuck, how could you even show your face after doing that rotten fucking shit. I know, I know. But I need to know where on the gross scale this falls so help me out here. So to figure out where this falls on the scale, let's figure out an upper bound {flat hand and fist diagram} to the grossness so something that is definitely grosser than using ur jacking hand to move clothes from the washer to the dryer. And I propose that this upper bound should be fucking your cousin. Ok ok so no matter how much jacky hand washer dryer tries, it's not as gross fucking your cousin. If you disagree with this, please tell me now, {whisper into mic} you cousin fucker. Ok ok so now that *most* of us agree...on the upper bound, we want a lower bound to the grossness, so something definitely less gross than jacky jacky washer dryer, And I think a lot more of you will disagree with this one than the upper bound. I propose a lower bound of fucking your second cousin. Upper bound fucking first cousin, lower bound fucking second cousin, jerky washer dryer somewhere in the middle ya? Now who disagrees with that...